Update for more visibility (#492)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/tutorials/count-dapp/1.-environment-setup.md

## 1. Environment Setup <a id="1-environment-setup"></a>

> > **\[MUST\] We HIGHLY recommend you follow the test environment mentioned on the [first page](https://docs.klaytn.foundation/dapp/tutorials/count-dapp#testing-environment). Please change the node version to 10.16.0 by using nvm.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **\[MUST\] For this tutorial, you must follow the versions specified on the [first page](https://docs.klaytn.foundation/dapp/tutorials/count-dapp#testing-environment) when you are setting up the environment. Please change the node version to 10.16.0 by using nvm before downloading caver-js.**
```
